Tech used: JQuery, HTML, JS, and CSS  
Unresolved problems: The game works which I am happy about it's an MVP which from where I started at is a great thing for me probably could use a lot of refactoring.  
Approach Taken: I started with the HTML and CSS first I wanted to make sure that I could lay out my page before going into the JS and creating code to manipulate those elements. I started with the background and buttons as well as the header. I knew I wanted the header and buttons to be centered so I used flex on them.
I then moved onto the individual boxes. I had 12 images I wanted to use so that meant 24 boxes. I created all 24 in the html and input an front and back image into them. I later realized the back image was not necessary since I was able to iterate and add them into the divs via JS.
I used divs to create these individual boxes and laid them out so they had their own containers which would then correspond to the JS. I originally set them to toggle a class which would then correspond with the CSS and show the back image instead of the front image however when I got to the JS I realized that this was a step I did not need to do.  
JS: I knew that I would need to shuffle the cards and looked up a function with a for loop in regards to that online. I then knew that I would need to implement this over all my divs to assign them random values which would then translate to images. I created an array with my deck that had 2 of each number 1-12 in it to correspond to my images. I put my images in an object and set the keys equal to the values in the array. I then created a for loop to iterate these over the array with the random values.   
I then moved onto getting the elements to match and inserting the new image into my div. I had trouble realizing that I needed to go into the second div in my div in order to reach the value that would correspond to the value which would allow me to do the matching of the two selected images. I used $(this) to target the elements I wanted and pushed them into an array in order to later compare them. I also used .find to target the img part of the div and iterate the new images over it which corresponded to my image library which I set up previously.  
I then needed to set a counter for my clicks and made it so that if I got to two clicks it would then run my if statements in my functions which targeted my array that had the values pushed to them and compared the values to see if a match was made or not.
I found a set timeout function which would reset the card images if a match was not found but put a slight delay on that process so a user could visually see where a card was located.
At the bottom I set up a button which would reset all of the divs to their original state and also shuffle the deck array to randomly assign the images in new places. I also created a change background button that toggled a class to show a different background on the screen for the game.
